[docs] Update Push notifications and expo-notifications docs (#20270)
expo/expo: docs/pages/push-notifications/overview.mdx

---
title: Push notifications overview
sidebar_title: Overview
---

import { BoxLink } from '~/ui/components/BoxLink';

> Push notifications are an important feature, no matter what kind of app you're building. They are a proven way to help boost user interaction and provide a better user experience by letting app users know about relevant events.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
I would argue that we don't need an overview/stated reason for the existence of notifications. I think people know what these are and we can dive right in wit the next paragraph.

Expo makes implementing push notifications easy. All the hassle with device information and communicating with Firebase Cloud Messaging (FCM) or Apple Push Notification Service (APNs) is done behind the scenes. This allows you to treat Android and iOS notifications in the same way and save time both on the front-end and back-end.

<BoxLink
  title="Setup push notifications, get a push token and credentials"

>   description="Learn how to setup Push notifications to get a user's ExpoPushToken with a minimal example."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  description="Learn how to setup push notifications to get a user's ExpoPushToken with a minimal example."
```

  href="/push-notifications/push-notifications-setup"
/>

<BoxLink
  title="Send a push notification"
  description="Learn how to call Expo's Push API with the token when you want to send a notification."
  href="/push-notifications/push-notifications-setup"
/>

<BoxLink
  title="Receive a push notification"

>   description="Learn how to respond to a notification when received in your app and take action based on the event."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  description="Learn how to respond to a notification received by your app and take action based on the event."
```
